Add diagnostic for typeof x === undefined (#1210)
quick-lint/quick-lint-js: docs/errors/E0458.md

> # E0458: comparing typeof operator result to the string "undefined"

Reviewer: The title should match the diagnostic message:
```suggestion
# E0458: typeof result is of type string and so will never equal undefined; use 'undefined' instead
```
